all the good now I will show you how
hack
gta sanandres which came out you can
say 24 hours ago
and on ios version 43 work for us
device iphone 4 and above and 2 and
higher but ipad mini
so on but in spirit he is ready colin
only work for us
we need jailbreak sitting and downloaded
track go gta and now field to
so small with three game
what has changed compared to so far
versions
improved machine handling right in
times i feel it straight because to
games on while cars drove like
wretched
but there are a lot of bugs flaws something
rest
example I had a mission case
just started fulfilling the mission
I was soaked the mission began again and
the guards just ate nothing they did
eat to death they shot me at me
and how I died and I started playing again
stood as ordinary residents that is
nothing i did mission just
ran ran the card and went out this mission
goes where we steal
something from the g studio from here is the same
God will need to write an application
rockstar rockstar lads did their best and
released a good game on ios like
I promise to work in this video I will show how
can hack this sanandres for money
that is, at home here is expensive money from
sex weapons buy clothes need to bathe
need to
Well, cars , too, it is necessary as a god
may need may be needed
forman ёbnulsya ment teach what we do
first i will tell you what to install
from sit
we will need a repo given
From this repo, you will need to get a tweak
under the name game player in general, here
This is the bread and called it iphone cake
I think everyone read the site as you add
change add here it lead as
add source and it will be added in the afternoon we
find game player
set me it is already installed it
not required when installed
go in the game
I show my money for example
I remember 4 million
four hundred thirty four thousand
four hundred twenty two dollars
you need to fill these numbers you can write
who are the numbers there is not clear well, I principle
like a bun
so go game player
I will explain that the servants player player is
the usual program on the computer is
called on artmani very comfortable then
there is it some file changes the number to
the number you need and so on
way selection recruitment
so we chose gta san andreas
we enter one when we had 4 million
433,000 dreams have a memory like this
count
I do not remember 4 million four hundred
thirty thousand and let's better for
couples let us go because time is already
later and not cook at all alone
threesome here fours she's here two
fours two twos
like this
I will also shoot other reviews
possible games well, most often we will
shoot hacking all sorts of games
that is, words can be different not
only through game player many player
also breaks the temp of wounds and many others
which are not used online
so we found his number I tell you
told and unfortunately now we
we find the number usually and tears there the number
let's say 5 thousand dollars he him right away
will not find you have to sift
from how and those i will show you the brand though
a word like 7 million five hundred
wait 10 seconds for each request
here we can sift out like here
you got its value maybe 3 a
maybe there are 500 thousand we go in
the game there to give us failed 1 time
here you are
watch 707 million five hundred if you
if it didn’t work out
go buy something or not
take too much money
changed that is us there was an example 7
million on someone killed on stayed
million 20 we go again into this
the program again top writes everything there
million five hundred and twenty
he finds from the number we appear
money well, that is, he gives out what happens
some games besides a cat
it happened that he did not reveal what
we need them you can not do
different example many games you can
break through the achivki achivki these are the quests
who do not know there to collect 20
carrots and get 5 crystals is me
I explain the puppy does not know that's how I would
I think if this video at least someone
help with the money so i will shoot
possible and
something new prague something bugs all
rest
whale bypasses this meter work only
jailbreak is hanging
for the first time by the way, would be stuck like she
I work I can take ipad
to be honest already under tired with all sorts
jailbreak we are already like 2 years almost general
I will be glad if this video is someone
will help
put likes subscribe to the channel
our group vkontakte
brooklyn games thanks for watching